---
layout: post
title: My personal webpage!
subtitle: Seeking a better way to show who I am.
cover-img: assets/img/header_seattle_dark.png
<!---thumbnail-img: /assets/img/thumb.png
share-img: /assets/img/path.jpg-->
tags: [blog, physics, career]
readtime: true
<!--author: Yuuka Kanakubo-->
---

A project to launch my personal website had been on my bucket list for a long time. Eventually, I managed to create one in the past few weeks, so I would like to write a bit about what brought me here and what I aim to achieve with this website.

### Why personal website now?

It is a general idea that having a website as a researcher mainly helps you find a job, which was also my original motivation for this project. However, it had never come true just because of a lack of time and a strong push.
(Also my stubbornness disturbed: I wanted to launch my website on Github for free and learn front-end languages such as html, CSS, JavaScript etc. by managing codes by myself, which seemed like a semi-long-term project.)
So, what changed? 

The main push was that I started to get more opportunities to be asked by people about my work. Some of them are physicists in different areas, and some are working in industry. In most cases, the conversation continues for just a couple of rounds. However, there are definitely quite a few people who show strong interest in what I do in physics, which often made me think, "I wish I could explain my work in a better way."

I recently had a very good example of why a personal website is useful. When I was visiting a friend, I had a chance to talk with their father at their home. Once I told him that I work on numerical simulations of high-energy nuclear collision experiments at the LHC, he asked me if I had seen my simulation in 3D. It turned out that he is developing a VR headset (I forgot whether he is working on the hardware or software).

Although simply watching my simulation with a VR headset wouldn’t help you learn anything, the idea was inspiring to me—it’s indeed a fantastic way to visualize physics. During our conversation, I tried to show him an animation of my simulation by digging around my Dropbox, but I couldn’t find it. It would be great to have my website where I can easily show the animation (and now, it is exactly on the top page).


### What I aim for with this website

Therefore, while original motivation for the personal website was still there, I would be happy if ANYONE finds my work interesting and if I can get an opportynity to talk about my work over a cup of coffee with you.
The website is still under construction, but I am planning to include an introduction of my scientific works both for general audience and for specialists.

Also, I hope that this stimulates my 


-- Yuuka
